1. To make an addition. To add to, to augment; to increase; as,Having resemblance or similitude; similar; without difference. [Now used only predicatively.] The darkness and the light are both alike to thee. Ps. cxxxix. 12.

In the same manner, form, or degree; in common; equally; as, we are all alike concerne.,alike,1. On the further side of; in the same direction as, and further on or away than. Beyond that flaming hill. G. Fletcher. 2. At a place or time not yet reached; before. A thing beyond us, even before our death. Pope. 3. Past, out of the reach or sphere of; further than; greater than; as, the patient was beyond medical aid; beyond one's strength. 4. In a degree or amount exceeding or surpassing; proceeding to a greater degree than; above, as in dignity, excellence, or quality of any kind. "Beyond expectation." Barrow. Beyond any of the great men of my country. Sir P. Sidney. Beyond sea. (Law) See under Sea. -- To go beyond, to exceed in ingenuity, in research, or in anything else; hence, in a bed sense, to deceive or circumvent. That no man go beyond and defraud his brother in any matter. 1 Thess. iv. 6.

Further away; at a distance; yonder. Lo, where beyond he lyeth languishing. Spenser.,beyond,1. To cast or drive out; to banish; to expel; to reject. [Obs.] That he might . . . abandon them from him. Udall. Being all this time abandoned from your bed. Shak. 2. To give up absolutely; to forsake entirely ; to renounce utterly; to relinquish all connection with or concern on; to desert, as a person to whom one owes allegiance or fidelity; to quit; to surrender. Hope was overthrown, yet could not be abandoned. I. Taylor. 3. Reflexively : To give (one's self) up without attempt at self- control ; to yield (one's self) unrestrainedly ; -- often in a bad sense. He abandoned himself . . . to his favorite vice. Macaulay. 4. (Mar. Law)  To relinquish all claim to; -- used when an insured person gives up to underwriters all claim to the property covered by a policy, which may remain after loss or damage by a peril insured against. Syn. -- To give up; yield; forego; cede; surrender; resign; abdicate; quit; relinquish; renounce; desert; forsake; leave; retire; withdraw from. -- To Abandon, Desert, Forsake. These words agree in representing a person as giving up or leaving some object, but differ as to the mode of doing it. The distinctive sense of abandon is that of giving up a thing absolutely and finally; as, to abandon one's friends, places, opinions, good or evil habits, a hopeless enterprise, a shipwrecked vessel. Abandon is more widely applicable than forsake or desert. The Latin original of desert appears to have been originally applied to the case of deserters from military service. Hence, the verb, when used of persons in the active voice, has usually or always a bad sense, implying some breach of fidelity, honor, etc., the leaving of something which the person should rightfully stand by and support; as, to desert one's colors, to desert one's post, to desert one's principles or duty. When used in the passive, the sense is not necessarily bad; as, the fields were deserted, a deserted village, deserted halls. Forsake implies the breaking off of previous habit, association, personal connection, or that the thing left had been familiar or frequented; as, to forsake old friends, to forsake the paths of rectitude, the blood forsook his cheeks. It may be used either in a good or in a bad sense.

Abandonment; relinquishment. [Obs.]

A complete giving up to natural impulses; freedom from artificial constraint; careless freedom or ease.,abandon,Having the qualities which constitute beauty; pleasing to the sight or the mind. A circle is more beautiful than a square; a square is more beautiful than a parallelogram. Lord Kames. Syn. -- Handsome; elegant; lovely; fair; charming; graceful; pretty; delightful. See Fine. -- Beau"ti*ful*ly, adv. -- Beau"ti*ful*ness, n.,beautiful,Having the qualities which constitute beauty; pleasing to the sight or the mind. A circle is more beautiful than a square; a square is more beautiful than a parallelogram. Lord Kames. Syn. -- Handsome; elegant; lovely; fair; charming; graceful; pretty; delightful. See Fine. -- Beau"ti*ful*ly, adv. -- Beau"ti*ful*ness, n.,beautiful